Legislative elections were held in France on Sunday 30 June,
called early by President
Emmanuel Macron after the disappointing
result obtained by his party in the
European elections. The French first round
ended with a historic outcome both in
terms of turnout at around
66%, as many as 18  points above the
2022 legislative elections as well as the result according to the
latest National rassemblement estimates, the
far-right party led by
Marie Le Pen and Jordan Bardel
won with 33%,
followed by 28% by the new Popular Front,
the left-wing coalition  includes
among others the France insum Miss of
jean-luc Meson ensemble the
centrist majority of Macron stopped at around
21% while the republicans the party
of the French moderate right
obtained 6.6% Ron Kat instead the
extremist force led by  Rick Mour did not
manage to reach 1%, but the game
is still open. Next Sunday,
July 7th, the run-offs will be held. What will be
decisive will be the agreements
that the various political forces still in the
running will make in an attempt to
stem the Penista front.  the various
political forces that managed to
access the ballots for which
a threshold of
12.5% ​​of the valid votes was expected could now
make agreements to ensure
the victory of one of the two fronts there
will be time until Tuesday 2 July to
communicate  agreements and possible
desistance or the withdrawal in the case
of the so-called triangular
quadrangular challenges of one's candidates in
order to favor the one considered most
capable of winning against the coalition
considered the opponent to stem
Le Pen's right on the left a convergence is expected
between the new Popular Front
ensemble  and Macron has already made
an appeal to his
third-placed candidates to withdraw in order to beat the
National rally